girls boom like always but they need
right there killing okay good I'll kill
my writer I'm throwing some Daryl
doesn't matter we're all dealing
beautiful by the way all right listen to
me little cups
we're like 180 you traitor
are you the venturi laughs what is movin
black come on pores ever you can do told
you straighter the water yeah like it
shit down in here okay you son of a
bitch I saw something come out and I was
like I'd have in that shit so I just
blast
let's go good shot well he just
disappeared he was shooting he's a white
shot at me so I got the fuck out of it
was to leave off look at that
I was drunk this face that's cuz
delirious teleported it on me what did
you like jizz on his face oh it's just a
fire Scott I look good Scotty I do it I
knew it it's gone over Scott who is it
who is it
where's me you're stupid
Oh No Oh watch out delays you shut up
come I almost shot me it's crazy really
delirious
shut up doesn't you oh my god so many
people died you look out worthy what
guys I know it's no less I'm just gonna
shoot him I knew because I'm innocent
we have all my own the detective I did
know Cody Hutton
I got lighter it's right a traitor I'm
not the trainer who's the core was it
terrorize motherfuckers all right here
give you loose loose you didn't blow up
everyone
yeah I didn't know delirious is right
behind me aren't they all rise are you
jihad aqui há do we go great in Haiti
God right guys ah
can you please oh oh oh oh is that maybe
this like a horror movie
get in here Oh what the fauces creepiest
fuck
get in here okay here's a smooth no
persons afraid or protective I trust her
eyes you check it i yeah i push myself
that's supposed to mean oh I don't know
if I should
guys guys in it ice booms are gonna fit
oh shit boot was innocent here as it is
no no no no guys guys guys a lot I know
this looks bad I know this I know a
whole lot okay I know this looks like
guys what is this looks bad
no glove never wrote it every time you
remember every time Rita I forgot that
people see it I can't see it
oh I see what's on your back does anyone
else see it I can see ah shit away your
do it you're doing just as bad as no
look it's 1v1 people yeah we already
tell him that he is a c4 he doesn't know
that now he knows how he said that good
job for a little literally every room
there's a quarter oh really
like wow you got one of those special
every room in the country room any less
Oh oh just girls boom like dingy
Terrorizer it says you're dangerous Oh
looks at is quite suspicious director it
is so stay here dead no Terrorizer stay
I'm the detective
yeah I'm three questions okay if you can
oh you're honest and well you will not
kill you okay right re just cry alright
first question
alright it's the Lyra show shooters
alright back to later tarik whoa careful
there's a lot of people here so we got
to keep her head oh hold on let me go
DNA to sample fuckin dodgy
yeah
everybody